(docs) update README.md (#951)
photoprism/photoprism: README.md

## Key Features ##

> * Our structured [user interface](https://demo.photoprism.org/) makes browsing and organizing your photo collection as easy as 

Reviewer: this sounds strange to me with "clearly" removed

  edit, and delete files from your computer or phone as if they were local. 
  You may easily sync your pictures with [PhotoSync](https://www.photosync-app.com/) as well.  
* PhotoPrism is built as a [progressive web app](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_web_application). 
  It feels like native, and of course, you may add it to your home screen.
  There's also a [community-maintained native app in development](https://github.com/photoprism/photoprism-mobile).

## Getting Started ##

Step-by-step installation instructions for our self-hosted [community edition](https://photoprism.app/get) can be found 
on [docs.photoprism.org](https://docs.photoprism.org/getting-started/) -
all you need is a Web browser and Docker to run the server. It is available for Mac, Linux, and Windows.

We recommend hosting PhotoPrism on a server with **at least 2 cores** and **4 GB of memory**.
Beyond these minimum requirements, the amount of RAM should match the number of cores.

> Indexing large photo and video collections significantly benefit from fast, local SSD storage.

Reviewer 2: Indexing benefits... why benefit?

Reviewer: "benefits" is correct

[easy](https://github.com/photoprism/photoprism/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aeasy) can be
good (first) contributions. 

Follow us on [Twitter][twitter] to receive regular project updates and discuss development related topics. Don't be afraid to ask stupid questions.

## Funding ##

This software is about freedom and privacy but not necessarily about free beer. We feel like it

> would be a mistake to state there will be no costs because clearly, we have huge expenses, your server hardware

Reviewer: I think it makes sense the comma that was there was removed, but I'm not sure why a new one was added

will have a price tag, and then maybe you'd like to have some extra features that need to be developed.

You're welcome to support us via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/photoprism), 
especially if you have feature requests or need help with using our software.
In addition, you can find us on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/photoprism)
and [PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/photoprism). 

Your continuous support helps...

> * To pay for operating expenses and external services like satellite maps

Reviewer 2: Why uppercase?

Author: To match the rest of the bullet points in the document.

Author: Huh, let me revert this. Not sure how I missed the next bullet isn't either.

> * developing new features and keeping them free for everyone 🌈

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* develop new features and keep them free for everyone 🌈
```

Reviewer 2: Isn't developing a continuous process that requires the present participle?

Reviewer: You would read this combined with the part before the list "Your continuous support helps develop new features and keep them free for everyone" vs "Your continuous support helps developing new features and keeping them free for everyone"

Reviewer 2: We only pay our bills once a month, so not the same :wink:

*Note that we've recently moved GitHub Sponsors from [sponsors/lastzero](https://github.com/sponsors/lastzero) to an 
[organization account](https://github.com/sponsors/photoprism) so that donations can be shared more easily.

> Tiers are more affordable now, while benefits stay mostly the same.*

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this comma was added either

## Trademarks ##

PhotoPrism® is a registered trademark of Michael Mayer. You may use it as required to describe 

> our software, run your server for educational purposes, but not for offering commercial 

Reviewer 2: These are two items: 1) run your server, 2) for educational purposes

Comma seems right?
